one together
The box here I want it once
in short, the differences between two
Show appliances once we have on the
right side of the nokia lumia 920 das
new nokia flagship and on the
left side we have the nexus 4
which in cooperation of google and
lg, both have emerged in their own way
flagships once windows phone 8 and
once android 4.2 so see the two
ruble so from the front that times
you've seen both devices
by the way, a resolution of 12 80 x 768
you have here at nokia lumia 4 5 inches
47 here is your weight
it's a bit natural, of course
different here once 139 grams
we have the whopping 185 grams here
design at nokia lumia 800 that is the
af the 920 is the monoblock see
It's natural, too
a bit more powerful of the
back the nokia lumia 920 features
via wireless charging facilities that
you will be at the nexus 4
We also have the one here
normal data possibilities we would be
here have lte that now stood in
the usa, for example, with this device
But we have to be aware of that
I believe the 16 gigabyte variant
costs 349 euro while here we are around 600
euro currently in
pay yes here in 2000 mah battery
it, got here once in 2100 mah
lithium polymer in the 920 is the camera
specify with 8.7 megapixels
purple for technology that's natural
if you have seen the photos really ne
house number and I'm curious what that
nexus with its eight megapixels so
can make
So far I have been from these award cameras
but not so pleased
Here we see once now carl
zeiss optics with a led lightning
here you have the camera of the
nexus 4g other devices like you
different can hardly be
at least as far as the operating system is concerned
I have to look at it so it 's frugal
from windows phone 8 has the well-known
tiling while we at android
of course the well-known surface
find the api-data for example
also balls which you the cards
indicates and you have your thing and no
Maybe he will
then worked here again so that
first so the rough optical
differences
that's what I've always thought so
the fun looks so if you still
ask to have a say
Of course we try to answer
Of course, devices keep coming
what the two devices are turning now
of course
nfc difference is of course still
while we are here at the camera
Display had to press here
still a dedicated at nokia
camera button so first time as
first overview between the nexus 4
and the lumia 920 from nokia to the right
watch